# Welcome to TrackED (Student) 👋


## Introduction
TrackED is a student-facing application designed to enhance learning efficiency through a streamlined interface and intuitive features. This app was created using the Expo framework, enabling cross-platform mobile app development. This is a pure front-end mobile app development project focusing on the UI/UX Design Principles.

Before you begin, ensure you have the following:
- Node.js (v16 or later) installed on your computer.
- npm (Node Package Manager), which comes with Node.js.
- Expo CLI (optional but recommended for managing Expo projects).
- A mobile device or emulator to test the application:
   - Use the Expo Go app (available on iOS and Android) for easy testing on physical devices.

## Setup Guide

1. Clone the repository
   ```bash
   git clone <https://github.com/Xatan01/TrackED-Student-Updated>
   ```
2. Navigate to the Project Directory
  ```bash
   cd TrackED-Student
   ```
3. Install Dependencies
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
4. Start the Development Server
   ```bash
    npx expo start
   ```

## Testing the App

1. Using a Physical Device
  - Download the Expo Go app from the App Store (iOS) or Google Play Store (Android).
   - Open Expo Go on your device and scan the QR code generated by npx expo start.
   - The app will load and launch on your device.

## Features
- View a comprehensive dashboard of participation rate and weak topics
- Save and Submit Questionnaires, Track progress on questionnaire submissions
- Offline access to class schedule and key information
- Chat with teachers regarding queries
- Personalize settings
